Now that we have our restaurant card detail card rendering out the next portion of the feature is to
put in place a menu accordion group.
So what we're going to be trying to do is achieving the following.
We're going to be putting menu groups for breakfast, lunch, dinner and drinks.
And for that, we're going to be using react native papers, list accordion.
And that list accordion is going to work as follows.
When we look at the usage, what's basically going on here is we're going to have a used state for every
accordion group and that's going to basically have a title and a ikon that is going to be rendered as
well as the items internally inside of the list.
Now, every icon is going to be specific to react of paper.
So when we go look at react native paper, it has icons and it can use many components of the Riak native
vector icon group.
That means you can pass the name of a material community icon as well as a Riak need a vector icon library.
They have a list of supported icons so that you can find icons and you can search for icons inside of
here that you want to put.
Now, what we'll do is we'll reconvene after this video and I'll show you how I put together my list
accordion groups in order to render out breakfast, lunch and dinner inside of the restaurant detail
screen.